The President: Hi, everybody.
This weekend, I depart for Asia
to advance American leadership
and promote American jobs in
a dynamic region that will
be critical to our security and
prosperity in the century ahead.
The democracies, progress and
growth we see across the Asia
Pacific would have been
impossible without America's
enduring commitment to
that region - especially
the service of generations
of Americans in uniform.
As we approach Veterans' Day,
we honor them - and all those
who've served to keep
us free and strong.
We salute that Greatest
Generation who freed a continent
from fascism and fought
across Pacific Islands
to preserve our way of life.
We pay tribute to Americans
who defended the people
of South Korea, soldiered
through the brutal battles
of Vietnam, stood up to
a tyrant in Desert Storm
and stopped ethnic
cleansing in the Balkans.
And we celebrate our newest
heroes from the 9/11 Generation
- our veterans from
Iraq and Afghanistan.
For more than 13 years, we have
been at war in Afghanistan.
Next month, our combat
mission will be over,
and America's longest war will
come to a responsible end.
But the end of a war
is just the beginning
of our obligations to those
who serve in our name.
These men and women will be
proud veterans for decades
to come, and our service to
them has only just begun.
So as we welcome our
newest veterans home,
let's honor them by
giving them the thanks
and respect they deserve.
And let's make sure we're there
for their families and children,
too - because they've also made
great sacrifices for America.
Let's honor our veterans
by making sure they
get the care and
benefits they've earned.
That means health care
that's there for them
when they need it.
It means continuing to reduce
the disability claims backlog.
And it means giving our wounded
warriors all the care and
support they need to heal,
including mental health care for
those with post-traumatic stress
or traumatic brain injury.
Some of the most moving moments
I've experienced as Commander
in Chief have been with
our wounded warriors.
Some have to learn how to
walk again, talk again,
write their names again.
But no matter how hard it
is, they never give up.
They never quit.
And we can't ever
quit on them.
Let's honor our veterans by
making sure they get their shot
at the American Dream that they
risked their lives to defend -
by helping them find jobs worthy
of their skills and talents,
and making sure the Post-9/11
GI Bill stays strong
so more veterans can earn
a college education.
When our veterans have the
opportunity to succeed,
our whole nation
is stronger.
And let's work together to end
the tragedy of homelessness
among veterans once and for
all - because anyone who has
defended America deserves to
live in dignity in America.
Finally, let's honor our
veterans by remembering
that this isn't just
a job for government.
It's a job for
every American.
We're all keepers of that
sacred trust that says,
if you put on a uniform and
risk your life to keep us safe,
we'll do our part for you.
We'll make sure you and your
family get the support you need.
We'l have your backs -
just like you had ours.
So this Veterans'
Day, and every day,
let's make sure all our
veterans know how much
we appreciate them.
If you see a veteran, go
on up and shake their hand.
Look them in the eye.
Say those words that
every veteran deserves
to hear: "Welcome home.
Thank you.
We need you more
than ever to help
us stay strong and free."
And then let's come
together as Americans
to make sure we're there
for them and their
families for all the
years of all their lives.
God Bless our Veterans
and their families
and God bless the United
States of America.